hello girls here I am with a new video
you have guessed from the title is a video
fast and is neither on technical video on
sung is a video of art in make
up nothing is just for the news that
of course it makes me very much
happy for the development they also became a
you
I wanted to tell you precisely that tomorrow Thursday
April 11th I'll be on raidue in the program
of baternal caterina
said fact that I also explain to you
quickly so to understand how I am from
do because they select you know but which
you do it then it is a program where there is
are various tutorials of all the
types ranging from dow live stylist to make
up artist to the gardener to the cook e
pizzaiolo who could in short everything
and therefore a very nice program that
it really serves to teach things really
simple but very particular then but
but there are things that one can imagine
maybe he says how nice who knows how to do it
in reality they are very simple fabio
saw really cute hairstyles is
it's really easy to do
and four moves so I recommend
anyway if not regardless of whether
you haven't seen him give a look again
however I have got to see with
the bet you produce is not a program
there is to much found it very
pretty especially a little for all
just taste I'll be there to prepare some
of manicure evin and the art
to give more simple advice
for DIY manicure for enel art
we always say do it yourself so what it is
very easy to reproduce by everyone
just so fast
elementary and nothing so only there
tomorrow let's try it on the air from 14 to
16 and I don't know exactly I will be too
but I hope you take a look if I do
let you know how it looks like
I was nothing so if you like there
let's see on rai
then on raidue tomorrow from 14 to 16
on that fact
let me know what you think I hope
you are a little containing for me I am
very much because in the end mine
I work and I love it and nothing
then I send you a big kiss there
wait for the next one
Hello